README.md, before:

# City Explorer API
Backend server for City Explorer

**Author**: Stefanie Riehle
**Version**: 1.0.0 

## Overview
This back-end server will be what allows us to access tools we can't access from within the browser. APIs allow us to directly connect to third-party apps without sacrificing security.

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
npm express, dotenv, cors

## Change Log
08-24-21 4:58pm - created express server

## Credit and Collaborations

| Time Estimate | Name of Feature | Start Time | Finish Time | Actual Time Needed | Collaborators |
|:-------------:|:---------------:|------------|-------------|--------------------|---------------|
| 1 hour        | Lab 07 - Task 1 | 4:45pm     | 5:00pm      | 15 minutes!        |               |
| No estimate | Lab 07 - Tasks 2, 3 | ??? | 1:00pm | Endless Hours | Hexx King, Antoine Charette, Haustin Kimbrough |
| 4 hours | Lab 08 | 3:30pm |  |  | Antoine Charette |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |

Commit message:

update datasource from weather.json to Weatherbit API

README.md, after:

# City Explorer API
Backend server for City Explorer for use with APIs to third-party sites

**Author**: Stefanie Riehle
**Version**: 4.1

## Overview
This back-end server will be what allows us to access tools we can't access from within the browser. APIs allow us to directly connect to third-party apps without sacrificing security.

## Getting Started
npm install express, dotenv, cors, axios, bootstrap (if using)

## Architecture


## Change Log
08-24-21 4:58pm - created express server
08-26-21 3:00pm - working features deployed to render data from .json file
08-26-21 4:00pm - replaced .json data with Weatherbit API

## Credit and Collaborations

| Time Estimate | Name of Feature | Start Time | Finish Time | Actual Time Needed | Collaborators |
|:-------------:|:---------------:|------------|-------------|--------------------|---------------|
| 1 hour        | Lab 07 - Task 1 | 4:45pm     | 5:00pm      | 15 minutes!        |               |
| No estimate | Lab 07 - Tasks 2, 3 | ??? | 1:00pm | Endless Hours | Hexx King, Antoine Charette, Haustin Kimbrough |
| 4 hours | Lab 08 | 4:00pm |  |  | Hexx, as always, saving my ass |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |
